intro.md, before:

# Robot Backcountry Skiing

You're a robot skiing in the woods! Turn left or right to avoid obstacles. Don't crash!

# Rules

Every turn you will move downhill one row and earn a point. You decide whether to go left, right, or stay straight ahead. 

A variety of obstacles stand in your way; hitting them will depete your hitpoints (available in the var `hp`). Hitting a `snowman` costs 1 point. Hitting a `tree` costs 2 points. Hitting a `rock` costs 10 points.

You can add hitpoints by skiing over a `heart` or through a `house`. 

You can gain extra points by skiing over a `coin`. 

You can fly through the air for a random number of turns by skiing over a rainbow colored `jump`. 

The variable `flying` tells you how many more turns you'll be above the ground (0 means you will hit obstacles).

You can teleport, but it costs a hitpoint (and is not guaranteed to put you in a safe position).

# Motion

Available moves: `north`, `west`, `east`, and `teleport`.

# Sensors

Robot can access three types of information: variables, distance sensors, and configurable point sensors.

## Internal variables

Your robot has access to two internal variables:

`hp` -- your current number of hitpoints. You cannot have more than 10 HP.

`flying` -- your height above ground. You won't hit obstacles as long as flying is greater than 0. You fall one unit per turn.

## Distance sensors

Distance sensors tell you the `x` and `y` distance to the closest heart (`heart_x` and `heart_y`), coin (`coin_x` and `coin_y`), or jump (`jump_x` and `jump_y`). Just because it is the closest doesn't mean you can get to it. Houses are rare; you don't have a sensor for them.

For historical reasons, the coordinates (0,0) represent the upper-left corner of the screen in many graphics applications. This means that a negative `object_x` value means the object is to your left (west) and a negative `object_y` value means the object is ahead of your (to the north).

## Configurable point sensors

Your robot has seven configurable point sensors (`s1`, `s2`, `s3`, `s4`, `s5`, `s6`, and `s7`) that tell you what is located at that point on the map. Common values include: `0` (snow), `rock`, `tree`, `snowman`, `coin`, `heart`, `house`, or `jump`.

You can choose where you want the sensor to "look" (relative to your own position) by setting the variables `sNx` and `sNy` (where `N` is the sensor number 1-7). For example, if you set `s1x` to 0 and `s1y` to -1, the sensor `s1` will tell you what is directly ahead of you. See the sample code for other examples.

Commit message:

max turns now 500; numerous game balance; cosmetic
Changed MAX_TURNS to 500.

HOUSE appears 1/500 turns and restores full HP.

Added constants for flight points and coin points.

Flying gives you 5 points per turn.

Flying over objects does not erase them any more.

Player starts with 1 HP but immediately gets 2 from map. :)

intro.md, after:

# Robot Backcountry Skiing

You're a robot skiing in the woods! Turn left or right to avoid obstacles. Don't crash!

# Rules

Every turn you will move downhill one row and earn a point. You decide whether to go left, right, or stay straight ahead. 

A variety of obstacles stand in your way; hitting them will depete your hitpoints (available in the var `hp`). Hitting a `snowman` costs 1 point. Hitting a `tree` costs 2 points. Hitting a `rock` costs 10 points.

You can add hitpoints by skiing over a `heart` or through a `house`. 

You can gain 25 extra points by skiing over a `coin`. 

You can fly through the air for a random number of turns by skiing over a rainbow colored `jump`. Each turn in flight is worth 5 points.

The variable `flying` tells you how many more turns you'll be above the ground (0 means you will hit obstacles).

You can teleport, but it costs a hitpoint (and is not guaranteed to put you in a safe position).

# Motion

Available moves: `north`, `west`, `east`, and `teleport`.

# Sensors

Robot can access three types of information: variables, distance sensors, and configurable point sensors.

## Internal variables

Your robot has access to two internal variables:

`hp` -- your current number of hitpoints. You cannot have more than 10 HP.

`flying` -- your height above ground. You won't hit obstacles as long as flying is greater than 0. You fall one unit per turn.

## Distance sensors

Distance sensors tell you the `x` and `y` distance to the closest heart (`heart_x` and `heart_y`), coin (`coin_x` and `coin_y`), or jump (`jump_x` and `jump_y`). Just because it is the closest doesn't mean you can get to it. Houses are rare; you don't have a sensor for them.

For historical reasons, the coordinates (0,0) represent the upper-left corner of the screen in many graphics applications. This means that a negative `object_x` value means the object is to your left (west) and a negative `object_y` value means the object is ahead of your (to the north).

## Configurable point sensors

Your robot has seven configurable point sensors (`s1`, `s2`, `s3`, `s4`, `s5`, `s6`, and `s7`) that tell you what is located at that point on the map. Common values include: `0` (snow), `rock`, `tree`, `snowman`, `coin`, `heart`, `house`, or `jump`.

You can choose where you want the sensor to "look" (relative to your own position) by setting the variables `sNx` and `sNy` (where `N` is the sensor number 1-7). For example, if you set `s1x` to 0 and `s1y` to -1, the sensor `s1` will tell you what is directly ahead of you. See the sample code for other examples.
